.TH "OC CLUSTER" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oc cluster up \- Start OpenShift on Docker with reasonable defaults


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoc cluster up\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Starts an OpenShift cluster using Docker containers, provisioning a registry, router, initial templates, and a default project.

.PP
This command will attempt to use an existing connection to a Docker daemon. Before running the command, ensure that you can execute docker commands successfully (i.e. 'docker ps').

.PP
By default, the OpenShift cluster will be setup to use a routing suffix that ends in nip.io. This is to allow dynamic host names to be created for routes. An alternate routing suffix can be specified using the \-\-routing\-suffix flag.

.PP
A public hostname can also be specified for the server with the \-\-public\-hostname flag.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-base\-dir\fP=""
    Directory on Docker host for cluster up configuration

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\fP=[\fI]
    A list of components to enable.  '\fP' enables all on\-by\-default components, 'foo' enables the component named 'foo', '\-foo' disables the component named 'foo'.
All components: automation\-service\-broker, centos\-imagestreams, persistent\-volumes, registry, rhel\-imagestreams, router, sample\-templates, service\-catalog, template\-service\-broker, web\-console
Disabled\-by\-default components: automation\-service\-broker, rhel\-imagestreams, service\-catalog, template\-service\-broker

.PP
\fB\-\-forward\-ports\fP=false
    Use Docker port\-forwarding to communicate with origin container. Requires 'socat' locally.

.PP
\fB\-\-http\-proxy\fP=""
    HTTP proxy to use for master and builds

.PP
\fB\-\-https\-proxy\fP=""
    HTTPS proxy to use for master and builds

.PP
\fB\-\-image\fP="openshift/origin\-${component}:${version}"
    Specify the images to use for OpenShift

.PP
\fB\-\-no\-proxy\fP=[]
    List of hosts or subnets for which a proxy should not be used

.PP
\fB\-\-public\-hostname\fP=""
    Public hostname for OpenShift cluster

.PP
\fB\-\-routing\-suffix\fP=""
    Default suffix for server routes

.PP
\fB\-\-server\-loglevel\fP=0
    Log level for OpenShift server

.PP
\fB\-\-skip\-registry\-check\fP=false
    Skip Docker daemon registry check

.PP
\fB\-\-write\-config\fP=false
    Write the configuration files into host config dir


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\_verification\_with\_non\_compliant\_keys\fP=false
    Allow a SignatureVerifier to use keys which are technically non\-compliant with RFC6962.

.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-application\_metrics\_count\_limit\fP=100
    Max number of application metrics to store (per container)

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
    Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-boot\_id\_file\fP="/proc/sys/kernel/random/boot\_id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for boot\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/home/openshift/.kube/http\-cache"
    Default HTTP cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\-gce\-lb\-src\-cidrs\fP=130.211.0.0/22,209.85.152.0/22,209.85.204.0/22,35.191.0.0/16
    CIDRs opened in GCE firewall for LB traffic proxy \& health checks

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-container\_hints\fP="/etc/cadvisor/container\_hints.json"
    location of the container hints file

.PP
\fB\-\-containerd\fP="unix:///var/run/containerd.sock"
    containerd endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-not\-ready\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for notReady:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-unreachable\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for unreachable:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\fP="unix:///var/run/docker.sock"
    docker endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\fP=false
    use TLS to connect to docker

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-ca\fP="ca.pem"
    path to trusted CA

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-cert\fP="cert.pem"
    path to client certificate

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-key\fP="key.pem"
    path to private key

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_env\_metadata\_whitelist\fP=""
    a comma\-separated list of environment variable keys that needs to be collected for docker containers

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_only\fP=false
    Only report docker containers in addition to root stats

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_root\fP="/var/lib/docker"
    DEPRECATED: docker root is read from docker info (this is a fallback, default: /var/lib/docker)

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\_load\_reader\fP=false
    Whether to enable cpu load reader

.PP
\fB\-\-event\_storage\_age\_limit\fP="default=24h"
    Max length of time for which to store events (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is a duration. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-event\_storage\_event\_limit\fP="default=100000"
    Max number of events to store (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is an integer. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-global\_housekeeping\_interval\fP=0
    Interval between global housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-housekeeping\_interval\fP=0
    Interval between container housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-httptest.serve\fP=""
    if non\-empty, httptest.NewServer serves on this address and blocks

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_backtrace\_at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_cadvisor\_usage\fP=false
    Whether to log the usage of the cAdvisor container

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-machine\_id\_file\fP="/etc/machine\-id,/var/lib/dbus/machine\-id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for machine\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_buffer\_duration\fP=0
    Writes in the storage driver will be buffered for this duration, and committed to the non memory backends as a single transaction

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_db\fP="cadvisor"
    database name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_host\fP="localhost:8086"
    database host:port

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_password\fP="root"
    database password

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_secure\fP=false
    use secure connection with database

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_table\fP="stats"
    table name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_user\fP="root"
    database username

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Start OpenShift using a specific public host name
  oc cluster up \-\-public\-hostname=my.address.example.com

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoc\-cluster(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
