.TH "OC" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oc debug \- Launch a new instance of a pod for debugging


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoc debug\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Launch a command shell to debug a running application

.PP
When debugging images and setup problems, it's useful to get an exact copy of a running pod configuration and troubleshoot with a shell. Since a pod that is failing may not be started and not accessible to 'rsh' or 'exec', the 'debug' command makes it easy to create a carbon copy of that setup.

.PP
The default mode is to start a shell inside of the first container of the referenced pod, replication controller, or deployment config. The started pod will be a copy of your source pod, with labels stripped, the command changed to '/bin/sh', and readiness and liveness checks disabled. If you just want to run a command, add '\-\-' and a command to run. Passing a command will not create a TTY or send STDIN by default. Other flags are supported for altering the container or pod in common ways.

.PP
A common problem running containers is a security policy that prohibits you from running as a root user on the cluster. You can use this command to test running a pod as non\-root (with \-\-as\-user) or to run a non\-root pod as root (with \-\-as\-root).

.PP
The debug pod is deleted when the the remote command completes or the user interrupts the shell.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-missing\-template\-keys\fP=true
    If true, ignore any errors in templates when a field or map key is missing in the template. Only applies to golang and jsonpath output formats.

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-root\fP=false
    If true, try to run the container as the root user

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-user\fP=\-1
    Try to run the container as a specific user UID (note: admins may limit your ability to use this flag)

.PP
\fB\-c\fP, \fB\-\-container\fP=""
    Container name; defaults to first container

.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    If true, only print the object that would be sent, without sending it.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to files to read a template

.PP
\fB\-\-keep\-annotations\fP=false
    If true, keep the original pod annotations

.PP
\fB\-\-keep\-init\-containers\fP=true
    Run the init containers for the pod. Defaults to true.

.PP
\fB\-\-keep\-liveness\fP=false
    If true, keep the original pod liveness probes

.PP
\fB\-\-keep\-readiness\fP=false
    If true, keep the original pod readiness probes

.PP
\fB\-I\fP, \fB\-\-no\-stdin\fP=false
    Bypasses passing STDIN to the container, defaults to true if no command specified

.PP
\fB\-T\fP, \fB\-\-no\-tty\fP=false
    Disable pseudo\-terminal allocation

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-name\fP=""
    Set a specific node to run on \- by default the pod will run on any valid node

.PP
\fB\-\-one\-container\fP=false
    If true, run only the selected container, remove all others

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|name|go\-template\-file|templatefile|template|go\-template|jsonpath|jsonpath\-file.

.PP
\fB\-R\fP, \fB\-\-recursive\fP=false
    Process the directory used in \-f, \-\-filename recursively. Useful when you want to manage related manifests organized within the same directory.

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-labels\fP=false
    When printing, show all labels as the last column (default hide labels column)

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-t\fP, \fB\-\-tty\fP=false
    Force a pseudo\-terminal to be allocated


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\_verification\_with\_non\_compliant\_keys\fP=false
    Allow a SignatureVerifier to use keys which are technically non\-compliant with RFC6962.

.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-application\_metrics\_count\_limit\fP=100
    Max number of application metrics to store (per container)

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
    Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-boot\_id\_file\fP="/proc/sys/kernel/random/boot\_id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for boot\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/home/openshift/.kube/http\-cache"
    Default HTTP cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\-gce\-lb\-src\-cidrs\fP=130.211.0.0/22,209.85.152.0/22,209.85.204.0/22,35.191.0.0/16
    CIDRs opened in GCE firewall for LB traffic proxy \& health checks

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-container\_hints\fP="/etc/cadvisor/container\_hints.json"
    location of the container hints file

.PP
\fB\-\-containerd\fP="unix:///var/run/containerd.sock"
    containerd endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-not\-ready\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for notReady:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-unreachable\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for unreachable:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\fP="unix:///var/run/docker.sock"
    docker endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\fP=false
    use TLS to connect to docker

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-ca\fP="ca.pem"
    path to trusted CA

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-cert\fP="cert.pem"
    path to client certificate

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-key\fP="key.pem"
    path to private key

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_env\_metadata\_whitelist\fP=""
    a comma\-separated list of environment variable keys that needs to be collected for docker containers

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_only\fP=false
    Only report docker containers in addition to root stats

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_root\fP="/var/lib/docker"
    DEPRECATED: docker root is read from docker info (this is a fallback, default: /var/lib/docker)

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\_load\_reader\fP=false
    Whether to enable cpu load reader

.PP
\fB\-\-event\_storage\_age\_limit\fP="default=24h"
    Max length of time for which to store events (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is a duration. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-event\_storage\_event\_limit\fP="default=100000"
    Max number of events to store (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is an integer. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-global\_housekeeping\_interval\fP=0
    Interval between global housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-housekeeping\_interval\fP=0
    Interval between container housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-httptest.serve\fP=""
    if non\-empty, httptest.NewServer serves on this address and blocks

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_backtrace\_at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_cadvisor\_usage\fP=false
    Whether to log the usage of the cAdvisor container

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-machine\_id\_file\fP="/etc/machine\-id,/var/lib/dbus/machine\-id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for machine\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_buffer\_duration\fP=0
    Writes in the storage driver will be buffered for this duration, and committed to the non memory backends as a single transaction

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_db\fP="cadvisor"
    database name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_host\fP="localhost:8086"
    database host:port

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_password\fP="root"
    database password

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_secure\fP=false
    use secure connection with database

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_table\fP="stats"
    table name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_user\fP="root"
    database username

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Debug a currently running deployment
  oc debug dc/test
  
  # Test running a deployment as a non\-root user
  oc debug dc/test \-\-as\-user=1000000
  
  # Debug a specific failing container by running the env command in the 'second' container
  oc debug dc/test \-c second \-\- /bin/env
  
  # See the pod that would be created to debug
  oc debug dc/test \-o yaml

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoc(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
