.TH "OC EX" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oc ex ipfailover \- Install an IP failover group to a set of nodes


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoc ex ipfailover\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Configure or view IP Failover configuration

.PP
This command helps to setup an IP failover configuration for the cluster. An administrator can configure IP failover on an entire cluster or on a subset of nodes (as defined via a labeled selector).

.PP
If an IP failover configuration does not exist with the given name, the \-\-create flag can be passed to create a deployment configuration that will provide IP failover capability. If you are running in production, it is recommended that the labeled selector for the nodes matches at least 2 nodes to ensure you have failover protection, and that you provide a \-\-replicas= <n> value that matches the number of nodes for the given labeled selector.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-check\-interval\fP=2
    Run the check\-script at this interval (seconds)

.PP
\fB\-\-check\-script\fP=""
    Run this script at the check\-interval to verify service is OK

.PP
\fB\-\-create\fP=false
    If true, create the configuration if it does not exist.

.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    If true, show the result of the operation without performing it.

.PP
\fB\-\-images\fP="openshift/origin\-${component}:${version}"
    The image to base this IP failover configurator on \- ${component} will be replaced based on \-\-type.

.PP
\fB\-i\fP, \fB\-\-interface\fP=""
    Network interface bound by VRRP to use for the set of virtual IP ranges/addresses specified.

.PP
\fB\-\-iptables\-chain\fP="INPUT"
    Add a rule to this iptables chain to accept 224.0.0.28 multicast packets if no rule exists. When iptables\-chain is empty do not change iptables.

.PP
\fB\-\-latest\-images\fP=false
    If true, attempt to use the latest images instead of the current release

.PP
\fB\-\-notify\-script\fP=""
    Run this script when state changes.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output results as yaml or json instead of executing, or use name for succint output (resource/name).

.PP
\fB\-\-output\-version\fP=""
    The preferred API versions of the output objects

.PP
\fB\-\-preemption\-strategy\fP="preempt\_delay 300"
    Normlly VRRP will preempt a lower priority machine when a higher priority one comes online. 'nopreempt' allows the lower priority machine to maintain its MASTER status. The default 'preempt\_delay 300' causes MASTER to switch after 5 min.

.PP
\fB\-r\fP, \fB\-\-replicas\fP=1
    The replication factor of this IP failover configuration; commonly 2 when high availability is desired. Please ensure this matches the number of nodes that satisfy the selector (or default selector) specified.

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-selector\fP="ipfailover=<name>"
    Selector (label query) to filter nodes on.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-account\fP="ipfailover"
    Name of the service account to use to run the ipfailover pod.

.PP
\fB\-a\fP, \fB\-\-show\-all\fP=false
    When printing, show all resources (default hide terminated pods.)

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-labels\fP=false
    When printing, show all labels as the last column (default hide labels column)

.PP
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fP=""
    If non\-empty, sort list types using this field specification.  The field specification is expressed as a JSONPath expression (e.g. '{.metadata.name}'). The field in the API resource specified by this JSONPath expression must be an integer or a string.

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-type\fP="keepalived"
    The type of IP failover configurator to use.

.PP
\fB\-\-virtual\-ip\-groups\fP=0
    Number of groups to create for VRRP, if not set a group will be created for each virtual ip given on \-\-virtual\-ips.

.PP
\fB\-\-virtual\-ips\fP=""
    A set of virtual IP ranges and/or addresses that the routers bind and serve on and provide IP failover capability for.

.PP
\fB\-\-vrrp\-id\-offset\fP=0
    Offset to use for setting ids of VRRP instances (default offset is 0). This allows multiple ipfailover instances to run within the same cluster.

.PP
\fB\-w\fP, \fB\-\-watch\-port\fP=80
    Port to monitor or watch for resource availability.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\_verification\_with\_non\_compliant\_keys\fP=false
    Allow a SignatureVerifier to use keys which are technically non\-compliant with RFC6962.

.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-application\_metrics\_count\_limit\fP=100
    Max number of application metrics to store (per container)

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
    Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-boot\_id\_file\fP="/proc/sys/kernel/random/boot\_id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for boot\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/home/openshift/.kube/http\-cache"
    Default HTTP cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\-gce\-lb\-src\-cidrs\fP=130.211.0.0/22,209.85.152.0/22,209.85.204.0/22,35.191.0.0/16
    CIDRs opened in GCE firewall for LB traffic proxy \& health checks

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-container\_hints\fP="/etc/cadvisor/container\_hints.json"
    location of the container hints file

.PP
\fB\-\-containerd\fP="unix:///var/run/containerd.sock"
    containerd endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-not\-ready\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for notReady:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-unreachable\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for unreachable:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\fP="unix:///var/run/docker.sock"
    docker endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\fP=false
    use TLS to connect to docker

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-ca\fP="ca.pem"
    path to trusted CA

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-cert\fP="cert.pem"
    path to client certificate

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-key\fP="key.pem"
    path to private key

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_env\_metadata\_whitelist\fP=""
    a comma\-separated list of environment variable keys that needs to be collected for docker containers

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_only\fP=false
    Only report docker containers in addition to root stats

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_root\fP="/var/lib/docker"
    DEPRECATED: docker root is read from docker info (this is a fallback, default: /var/lib/docker)

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\_load\_reader\fP=false
    Whether to enable cpu load reader

.PP
\fB\-\-event\_storage\_age\_limit\fP="default=24h"
    Max length of time for which to store events (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is a duration. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-event\_storage\_event\_limit\fP="default=100000"
    Max number of events to store (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is an integer. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-global\_housekeeping\_interval\fP=0
    Interval between global housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-housekeeping\_interval\fP=0
    Interval between container housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-httptest.serve\fP=""
    if non\-empty, httptest.NewServer serves on this address and blocks

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_backtrace\_at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_cadvisor\_usage\fP=false
    Whether to log the usage of the cAdvisor container

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-machine\_id\_file\fP="/etc/machine\-id,/var/lib/dbus/machine\-id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for machine\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_buffer\_duration\fP=0
    Writes in the storage driver will be buffered for this duration, and committed to the non memory backends as a single transaction

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_db\fP="cadvisor"
    database name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_host\fP="localhost:8086"
    database host:port

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_password\fP="root"
    database password

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_secure\fP=false
    use secure connection with database

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_table\fP="stats"
    table name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_user\fP="root"
    database username

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Check the default IP failover configuration ("ipfailover"):
  oc ex ipfailover
  
  # See what the IP failover configuration would look like if it is created:
  oc ex ipfailover \-o json
  
  # Create an IP failover configuration if it does not already exist:
  oc ex ipfailover ipf \-\-virtual\-ips="10.1.1.1\-4" \-\-create
  
  # Create an IP failover configuration on a selection of nodes labeled
  # "router=us\-west\-ha" (on 4 nodes with 7 virtual IPs monitoring a service
  # listening on port 80, such as the router process).
  oc ex ipfailover ipfailover \-\-selector="router=us\-west\-ha" \-\-virtual\-ips="1.2.3.4,10.1.1.100\-104,5.6.7.8" \-\-watch\-port=80 \-\-replicas=4 \-\-create
  
  # Use a different IP failover config image and see the configuration:
  oc ex ipfailover ipf\-alt \-\-selector="hagroup=us\-west\-ha" \-\-virtual\-ips="1.2.3.4" \-o yaml \-\-images=myrepo/myipfailover:mytag

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoc\-ex(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
