.TH "OC IMAGE" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oc image mirror \- Mirror images from one repository to another


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoc image mirror\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Mirror images from one image repository to another.

.PP
Accepts a list of arguments defining source images that should be pushed to the provided destination image tag. The images are streamed from registry to registry without being stored locally. The default docker credentials are used for authenticating to the registries.

.PP
When using S3 mirroring the region and bucket must be the first two segments after the host. Mirroring will create the necessary metadata so that images can be pulled via tag or digest, but listing manifests and tags will not be possible. You may also specify one or more \-\-s3\-source\-bucket parameters (as <bucket>/ <path>) to designate buckets to look in to find blobs (instead of uploading). The source bucket also supports the suffix "/ [store]", which will transform blob identifiers into the form the Docker registry uses on disk, allowing you to mirror directly from an existing S3\-backed Docker registry. Credentials for S3 may be stored in your docker credential file and looked up by host.

.PP
Images in manifest list format will be copied as\-is unless you use \-\-filter\-by\-os to restrict the allowed images to copy in a manifest list. This flag has no effect on regular images.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    Print the actions that would be taken and exit without writing to the destinations.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    One or more files to read SRC=DST or SRC DST [DST ...] mappings from.

.PP
\fB\-\-filter\-by\-os\fP=""
    A regular expression to control which images are mirrored. Images will be passed as '<platform>/<architecture>[/<variant>]'.

.PP
\fB\-\-force\fP=false
    Attempt to write all layers and manifests even if they exist in the remote repository.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\fP=false
    Allow push and pull operations to registries to be made over HTTP

.PP
\fB\-\-max\-per\-registry\fP=6
    Number of concurrent requests allowed per registry.

.PP
\fB\-\-max\-registry\fP=4
    Number of concurrent registries to connect to at any one time.

.PP
\fB\-\-s3\-source\-bucket\fP=[]
    A list of bucket/path locations on S3 that may contain already uploaded blobs. Add [store] to the end to use the Docker registry path convention.

.PP
\fB\-\-skip\-mount\fP=false
    Always push layers instead of cross\-mounting them

.PP
\fB\-\-skip\-multiple\-scopes\fP=false
    Some registries do not support multiple scopes passed to the registry login.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\_verification\_with\_non\_compliant\_keys\fP=false
    Allow a SignatureVerifier to use keys which are technically non\-compliant with RFC6962.

.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-application\_metrics\_count\_limit\fP=100
    Max number of application metrics to store (per container)

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
    Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-boot\_id\_file\fP="/proc/sys/kernel/random/boot\_id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for boot\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/home/openshift/.kube/http\-cache"
    Default HTTP cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\-gce\-lb\-src\-cidrs\fP=130.211.0.0/22,209.85.152.0/22,209.85.204.0/22,35.191.0.0/16
    CIDRs opened in GCE firewall for LB traffic proxy \& health checks

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-container\_hints\fP="/etc/cadvisor/container\_hints.json"
    location of the container hints file

.PP
\fB\-\-containerd\fP="unix:///var/run/containerd.sock"
    containerd endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-not\-ready\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for notReady:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-unreachable\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for unreachable:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\fP="unix:///var/run/docker.sock"
    docker endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\fP=false
    use TLS to connect to docker

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-ca\fP="ca.pem"
    path to trusted CA

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-cert\fP="cert.pem"
    path to client certificate

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-key\fP="key.pem"
    path to private key

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_env\_metadata\_whitelist\fP=""
    a comma\-separated list of environment variable keys that needs to be collected for docker containers

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_only\fP=false
    Only report docker containers in addition to root stats

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_root\fP="/var/lib/docker"
    DEPRECATED: docker root is read from docker info (this is a fallback, default: /var/lib/docker)

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\_load\_reader\fP=false
    Whether to enable cpu load reader

.PP
\fB\-\-event\_storage\_age\_limit\fP="default=24h"
    Max length of time for which to store events (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is a duration. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-event\_storage\_event\_limit\fP="default=100000"
    Max number of events to store (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is an integer. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-global\_housekeeping\_interval\fP=0
    Interval between global housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-housekeeping\_interval\fP=0
    Interval between container housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-httptest.serve\fP=""
    if non\-empty, httptest.NewServer serves on this address and blocks

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_backtrace\_at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_cadvisor\_usage\fP=false
    Whether to log the usage of the cAdvisor container

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-machine\_id\_file\fP="/etc/machine\-id,/var/lib/dbus/machine\-id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for machine\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_buffer\_duration\fP=0
    Writes in the storage driver will be buffered for this duration, and committed to the non memory backends as a single transaction

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_db\fP="cadvisor"
    database name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_host\fP="localhost:8086"
    database host:port

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_password\fP="root"
    database password

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_secure\fP=false
    use secure connection with database

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_table\fP="stats"
    table name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_user\fP="root"
    database username

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Copy image to another tag
  oc image mirror myregistry.com/myimage:latest myregistry.com/myimage:stable
  
  # Copy image to another registry
  oc image mirror myregistry.com/myimage:latest docker.io/myrepository/myimage:stable
  
  # Copy image to S3 (pull from <bucket>.s3.amazonaws.com/image:latest)
  oc image mirror myregistry.com/myimage:latest s3://s3.amazonaws.com/<region>/<bucket>/image:latest
  
  # Copy image to S3 without setting a tag (pull via @<digest>)
  oc image mirror myregistry.com/myimage:latest s3://s3.amazonaws.com/<region>/<bucket>/image
  
  # Copy image to multiple locations
  oc image mirror myregistry.com/myimage:latest docker.io/myrepository/myimage:stable \\
  docker.io/myrepository/myimage:dev
  
  # Copy multiple images
  oc image mirror myregistry.com/myimage:latest=myregistry.com/other:test \\
  myregistry.com/myimage:new=myregistry.com/other:target

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoc\-image(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
