.TH "OC" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oc process \- Process a template into list of resources


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoc process\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Process template into a list of resources specified in filename or stdin

.PP
Templates allow parameterization of resources prior to being sent to the server for creation or update. Templates have "parameters", which may either be generated on creation or set by the user, as well as metadata describing the template.

.PP
The output of the process command is always a list of one or more resources. You may pipe the output to the create command over STDIN (using the '\-f \-' option) or redirect it to a file.

.PP
Process resolves the template on the server, but you may pass \-\-local to parameterize the template locally. When running locally be aware that the version of your client tools will determine what template transformations are supported, rather than the server.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-missing\-template\-keys\fP=true
    If true, ignore any errors in templates when a field or map key is missing in the template. Only applies to golang and jsonpath output formats.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=""
    Filename or URL to file to read a template

.PP
\fB\-\-ignore\-unknown\-parameters\fP=false
    If true, will not stop processing if a provided parameter does not exist in the template.

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-labels\fP=""
    Label to set in all resources for this template

.PP
\fB\-\-local\fP=false
    If true process the template locally instead of contacting the server.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP="json"
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|name|describe|go\-template\-file|templatefile|template|go\-template|jsonpath|jsonpath\-file.

.PP
\fB\-p\fP, \fB\-\-param\fP=[]
    Specify a key\-value pair (eg. \-p FOO=BAR) to set/override a parameter value in the template.

.PP
\fB\-\-param\-file\fP=[]
    File containing template parameter values to set/override in the template.

.PP
\fB\-\-parameters\fP=false
    If true, do not process but only print available parameters

.PP
\fB\-\-raw\fP=false
    If true, output the processed template instead of the template's objects. Implied by \-o describe

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]].


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\_verification\_with\_non\_compliant\_keys\fP=false
    Allow a SignatureVerifier to use keys which are technically non\-compliant with RFC6962.

.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-application\_metrics\_count\_limit\fP=100
    Max number of application metrics to store (per container)

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
    Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-boot\_id\_file\fP="/proc/sys/kernel/random/boot\_id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for boot\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/home/openshift/.kube/http\-cache"
    Default HTTP cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\-gce\-lb\-src\-cidrs\fP=130.211.0.0/22,209.85.152.0/22,209.85.204.0/22,35.191.0.0/16
    CIDRs opened in GCE firewall for LB traffic proxy \& health checks

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-container\_hints\fP="/etc/cadvisor/container\_hints.json"
    location of the container hints file

.PP
\fB\-\-containerd\fP="unix:///var/run/containerd.sock"
    containerd endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-not\-ready\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for notReady:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-unreachable\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for unreachable:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\fP="unix:///var/run/docker.sock"
    docker endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\fP=false
    use TLS to connect to docker

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-ca\fP="ca.pem"
    path to trusted CA

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-cert\fP="cert.pem"
    path to client certificate

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-key\fP="key.pem"
    path to private key

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_env\_metadata\_whitelist\fP=""
    a comma\-separated list of environment variable keys that needs to be collected for docker containers

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_only\fP=false
    Only report docker containers in addition to root stats

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_root\fP="/var/lib/docker"
    DEPRECATED: docker root is read from docker info (this is a fallback, default: /var/lib/docker)

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\_load\_reader\fP=false
    Whether to enable cpu load reader

.PP
\fB\-\-event\_storage\_age\_limit\fP="default=24h"
    Max length of time for which to store events (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is a duration. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-event\_storage\_event\_limit\fP="default=100000"
    Max number of events to store (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is an integer. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-global\_housekeeping\_interval\fP=0
    Interval between global housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-housekeeping\_interval\fP=0
    Interval between container housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-httptest.serve\fP=""
    if non\-empty, httptest.NewServer serves on this address and blocks

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_backtrace\_at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_cadvisor\_usage\fP=false
    Whether to log the usage of the cAdvisor container

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-machine\_id\_file\fP="/etc/machine\-id,/var/lib/dbus/machine\-id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for machine\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_buffer\_duration\fP=0
    Writes in the storage driver will be buffered for this duration, and committed to the non memory backends as a single transaction

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_db\fP="cadvisor"
    database name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_host\fP="localhost:8086"
    database host:port

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_password\fP="root"
    database password

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_secure\fP=false
    use secure connection with database

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_table\fP="stats"
    table name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_user\fP="root"
    database username

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Convert template.json file into resource list and pass to create
  oc process \-f template.json | oc create \-f \-
  
  # Process a file locally instead of contacting the server
  oc process \-f template.json \-\-local \-o yaml
  
  # Process template while passing a user\-defined label
  oc process \-f template.json \-l name=mytemplate
  
  # Convert stored template into resource list
  oc process foo
  
  # Convert stored template into resource list by setting/overriding parameter values
  oc process foo PARM1=VALUE1 PARM2=VALUE2
  
  # Convert template stored in different namespace into a resource list
  oc process openshift//foo
  
  # Convert template.json into resource list
  cat template.json | oc process \-f \-

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoc(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
