.TH "OC SET" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oc set probe \- Update a probe on a pod template


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoc set probe\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Set or remove a liveness or readiness probe from a pod or pod template

.PP
Each container in a pod may define one or more probes that are used for general health checking. A liveness probe is checked periodically to ensure the container is still healthy: if the probe fails, the container is restarted. Readiness probes set or clear the ready flag for each container, which controls whether the container's ports are included in the list of endpoints for a service and whether a deployment can proceed. A readiness check should indicate when your container is ready to accept incoming traffic or begin handling work. Setting both liveness and readiness probes for each container is highly recommended.

.PP
The three probe types are:
.IP \(bu 2

.IP
\(bu Open a TCP socket on the pod IP
.br
.IP
\(bu Perform an HTTP GET against a URL on a container that must return 200 OK
.br
.IP
\(bu Run a command in the container that must return exit code 0
.br
.PP
Containers that take a variable amount of time to start should set generous initial\-delay\-seconds values, otherwise as your application evolves you may suddenly begin to fail.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-all\fP=false
    If true, select all resources in the namespace of the specified resource types

.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-missing\-template\-keys\fP=true
    If true, ignore any errors in templates when a field or map key is missing in the template. Only applies to golang and jsonpath output formats.

.PP
\fB\-c\fP, \fB\-\-containers\fP="*"
    The names of containers in the selected pod templates to change \- may use wildcards

.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    If true, only print the object that would be sent, without sending it.

.PP
\fB\-\-failure\-threshold\fP=0
    The number of failures before the probe is considered to have failed

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to files to use to edit the resource

.PP
\fB\-\-get\-url\fP=""
    A URL to perform an HTTP GET on (you can omit the host, have a string port, or omit the scheme.

.PP
\fB\-\-initial\-delay\-seconds\fP=0
    The time in seconds to wait before the probe begins checking

.PP
\fB\-\-liveness\fP=false
    Set or remove a liveness probe to verify this container is running

.PP
\fB\-\-local\fP=false
    If true, set image will NOT contact api\-server but run locally.

.PP
\fB\-\-open\-tcp\fP=""
    A port number or port name to attempt to open via TCP.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|name|template|go\-template|go\-template\-file|templatefile|jsonpath|jsonpath\-file.

.PP
\fB\-\-period\-seconds\fP=0
    The time in seconds between attempts

.PP
\fB\-\-readiness\fP=false
    Set or remove a readiness probe to indicate when this container should receive traffic

.PP
\fB\-R\fP, \fB\-\-recursive\fP=false
    Process the directory used in \-f, \-\-filename recursively. Useful when you want to manage related manifests organized within the same directory.

.PP
\fB\-\-remove\fP=false
    If true, remove the specified probe(s).

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-selector\fP=""
    Selector (label query) to filter on

.PP
\fB\-\-success\-threshold\fP=0
    The number of successes required before the probe is considered successful

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-timeout\-seconds\fP=0
    The time in seconds to wait before considering the probe to have failed


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\_verification\_with\_non\_compliant\_keys\fP=false
    Allow a SignatureVerifier to use keys which are technically non\-compliant with RFC6962.

.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-application\_metrics\_count\_limit\fP=100
    Max number of application metrics to store (per container)

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
    Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-boot\_id\_file\fP="/proc/sys/kernel/random/boot\_id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for boot\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/home/openshift/.kube/http\-cache"
    Default HTTP cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\-gce\-lb\-src\-cidrs\fP=130.211.0.0/22,209.85.152.0/22,209.85.204.0/22,35.191.0.0/16
    CIDRs opened in GCE firewall for LB traffic proxy \& health checks

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-container\_hints\fP="/etc/cadvisor/container\_hints.json"
    location of the container hints file

.PP
\fB\-\-containerd\fP="unix:///var/run/containerd.sock"
    containerd endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-not\-ready\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for notReady:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-unreachable\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for unreachable:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\fP="unix:///var/run/docker.sock"
    docker endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\fP=false
    use TLS to connect to docker

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-ca\fP="ca.pem"
    path to trusted CA

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-cert\fP="cert.pem"
    path to client certificate

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-key\fP="key.pem"
    path to private key

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_env\_metadata\_whitelist\fP=""
    a comma\-separated list of environment variable keys that needs to be collected for docker containers

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_only\fP=false
    Only report docker containers in addition to root stats

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_root\fP="/var/lib/docker"
    DEPRECATED: docker root is read from docker info (this is a fallback, default: /var/lib/docker)

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\_load\_reader\fP=false
    Whether to enable cpu load reader

.PP
\fB\-\-event\_storage\_age\_limit\fP="default=24h"
    Max length of time for which to store events (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is a duration. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-event\_storage\_event\_limit\fP="default=100000"
    Max number of events to store (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is an integer. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-global\_housekeeping\_interval\fP=0
    Interval between global housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-housekeeping\_interval\fP=0
    Interval between container housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-httptest.serve\fP=""
    if non\-empty, httptest.NewServer serves on this address and blocks

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_backtrace\_at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_cadvisor\_usage\fP=false
    Whether to log the usage of the cAdvisor container

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-machine\_id\_file\fP="/etc/machine\-id,/var/lib/dbus/machine\-id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for machine\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_buffer\_duration\fP=0
    Writes in the storage driver will be buffered for this duration, and committed to the non memory backends as a single transaction

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_db\fP="cadvisor"
    database name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_host\fP="localhost:8086"
    database host:port

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_password\fP="root"
    database password

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_secure\fP=false
    use secure connection with database

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_table\fP="stats"
    table name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_user\fP="root"
    database username

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Clear both readiness and liveness probes off all containers
  oc set probe dc/registry \-\-remove \-\-readiness \-\-liveness
  
  # Set an exec action as a liveness probe to run 'echo ok'
  oc set probe dc/registry \-\-liveness \-\- echo ok
  
  # Set a readiness probe to try to open a TCP socket on 3306
  oc set probe rc/mysql \-\-readiness \-\-open\-tcp=3306
  
  # Set an HTTP readiness probe for port 8080 and path /healthz over HTTP on the pod IP
  oc set probe dc/webapp \-\-readiness \-\-get\-url=http://:8080/healthz
  
  # Set an HTTP readiness probe over HTTPS on 127.0.0.1 for a hostNetwork pod
  oc set probe dc/router \-\-readiness \-\-get\-url=https://127.0.0.1:1936/stats
  
  # Set only the initial\-delay\-seconds field on all deployments
  oc set probe dc \-\-all \-\-readiness \-\-initial\-delay\-seconds=30

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoc\-set(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
