.TH "OC SET" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oc set volumes \- Update volumes on a pod template


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoc set volumes\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Update volumes on a pod template

.PP
This command can add, update or remove volumes from containers for any object that has a pod template (deployment configs, replication controllers, or pods). You can list volumes in pod or any object that has a pod template. You can specify a single object or multiple, and alter volumes on all containers or just those that match a given name.

.PP
If you alter a volume setting on a deployment config, a deployment will be triggered. Changing a replication controller will not affect running pods, and you cannot change a pod's volumes once it has been created.

.PP
Volume types include:
.IP 

.IP
\(bu emptydir (empty directory) default : A directory allocated when the pod is created on a local host, is removed when the pod is deleted and is not copied across servers
.br
.IP
\(bu hostdir (host directory): A directory with specific path on any host (requires elevated privileges)
.br
.IP
\(bu persistentvolumeclaim or pvc (persistent volume claim): Link the volume directory in the container to a persistent volume claim you have allocated by name \- a persistent volume claim is a request to allocate storage. Note that if your claim hasn't been bound, your pods will not start.
.br
.IP
\(bu secret (mounted secret): Secret volumes mount a named secret to the provided directory.
.br
.PP
For descriptions on other volume types, see 
\[la]https://docs.openshift.com\[ra]


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-add\fP=false
    If true, add volume and/or volume mounts for containers

.PP
\fB\-\-all\fP=false
    If true, select all resources in the namespace of the specified resource types

.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-missing\-template\-keys\fP=true
    If true, ignore any errors in templates when a field or map key is missing in the template. Only applies to golang and jsonpath output formats.

.PP
\fB\-\-claim\-class\fP=""
    StorageClass to use for the persistent volume claim

.PP
\fB\-\-claim\-mode\fP="ReadWriteOnce"
    Set the access mode of the claim to be created. Valid values are ReadWriteOnce (rwo), ReadWriteMany (rwm), or ReadOnlyMany (rom)

.PP
\fB\-\-claim\-name\fP=""
    Persistent volume claim name. Must be provided for persistentVolumeClaim volume type

.PP
\fB\-\-claim\-size\fP=""
    If specified along with a persistent volume type, create a new claim with the given size in bytes. Accepts SI notation: 10, 10G, 10Gi

.PP
\fB\-\-configmap\-name\fP=""
    Name of the persisted config map. Must be provided for configmap volume type

.PP
\fB\-\-confirm\fP=false
    If true, confirm that you really want to remove multiple volumes

.PP
\fB\-c\fP, \fB\-\-containers\fP="*"
    The names of containers in the selected pod templates to change \- may use wildcards

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-mode\fP=""
    The default mode bits to create files with. Can be between 0000 and 0777. Defaults to 0644.

.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    If true, only print the object that would be sent, without sending it.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to files to use to edit the resource

.PP
\fB\-\-local\fP=false
    If true, set image will NOT contact api\-server but run locally.

.PP
\fB\-m\fP, \fB\-\-mount\-path\fP=""
    Mount path inside the container. Optional param for \-\-add or \-\-remove

.PP
\fB\-\-name\fP=""
    Name of the volume. If empty, auto generated for add operation

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|name|templatefile|template|go\-template|go\-template\-file|jsonpath\-file|jsonpath.

.PP
\fB\-\-overwrite\fP=false
    If true, replace existing volume source with the provided name and/or volume mount for the given resource

.PP
\fB\-\-path\fP=""
    Host path. Must be provided for hostPath volume type

.PP
\fB\-\-read\-only\fP=false
    Mount volume as ReadOnly. Optional param for \-\-add or \-\-remove

.PP
\fB\-R\fP, \fB\-\-recursive\fP=false
    Process the directory used in \-f, \-\-filename recursively. Useful when you want to manage related manifests organized within the same directory.

.PP
\fB\-\-remove\fP=false
    If true, remove volume and/or volume mounts for containers

.PP
\fB\-\-secret\-name\fP=""
    Name of the persisted secret. Must be provided for secret volume type

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-selector\fP=""
    Selector (label query) to filter on

.PP
\fB\-\-source\fP=""
    Details of volume source as json string. This can be used if the required volume type is not supported by \-\-type option. (e.g.: '{"gitRepo": {"repository": <git-url>, "revision": <commit-hash>}}')

.PP
\fB\-\-sub\-path\fP=""
    Path within the local volume from which the container's volume should be mounted. Optional param for \-\-add or \-\-remove

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-t\fP, \fB\-\-type\fP=""
    Type of the volume source for add operation. Supported options: emptyDir, hostPath, secret, configmap, persistentVolumeClaim


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\_verification\_with\_non\_compliant\_keys\fP=false
    Allow a SignatureVerifier to use keys which are technically non\-compliant with RFC6962.

.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-application\_metrics\_count\_limit\fP=100
    Max number of application metrics to store (per container)

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
    Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-boot\_id\_file\fP="/proc/sys/kernel/random/boot\_id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for boot\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/home/openshift/.kube/http\-cache"
    Default HTTP cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\-gce\-lb\-src\-cidrs\fP=130.211.0.0/22,209.85.152.0/22,209.85.204.0/22,35.191.0.0/16
    CIDRs opened in GCE firewall for LB traffic proxy \& health checks

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-container\_hints\fP="/etc/cadvisor/container\_hints.json"
    location of the container hints file

.PP
\fB\-\-containerd\fP="unix:///var/run/containerd.sock"
    containerd endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-not\-ready\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for notReady:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-unreachable\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for unreachable:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\fP="unix:///var/run/docker.sock"
    docker endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\fP=false
    use TLS to connect to docker

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-ca\fP="ca.pem"
    path to trusted CA

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-cert\fP="cert.pem"
    path to client certificate

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-key\fP="key.pem"
    path to private key

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_env\_metadata\_whitelist\fP=""
    a comma\-separated list of environment variable keys that needs to be collected for docker containers

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_only\fP=false
    Only report docker containers in addition to root stats

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_root\fP="/var/lib/docker"
    DEPRECATED: docker root is read from docker info (this is a fallback, default: /var/lib/docker)

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\_load\_reader\fP=false
    Whether to enable cpu load reader

.PP
\fB\-\-event\_storage\_age\_limit\fP="default=24h"
    Max length of time for which to store events (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is a duration. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-event\_storage\_event\_limit\fP="default=100000"
    Max number of events to store (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is an integer. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-global\_housekeeping\_interval\fP=0
    Interval between global housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-housekeeping\_interval\fP=0
    Interval between container housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-httptest.serve\fP=""
    if non\-empty, httptest.NewServer serves on this address and blocks

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_backtrace\_at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_cadvisor\_usage\fP=false
    Whether to log the usage of the cAdvisor container

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-machine\_id\_file\fP="/etc/machine\-id,/var/lib/dbus/machine\-id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for machine\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_buffer\_duration\fP=0
    Writes in the storage driver will be buffered for this duration, and committed to the non memory backends as a single transaction

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_db\fP="cadvisor"
    database name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_host\fP="localhost:8086"
    database host:port

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_password\fP="root"
    database password

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_secure\fP=false
    use secure connection with database

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_table\fP="stats"
    table name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_user\fP="root"
    database username

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # List volumes defined on all deployment configs in the current project
  oc set volume dc \-\-all
  
  # Add a new empty dir volume to deployment config (dc) 'registry' mounted under
  # /var/lib/registry
  oc set volume dc/registry \-\-add \-\-mount\-path=/var/lib/registry
  
  # Use an existing persistent volume claim (pvc) to overwrite an existing volume 'v1'
  oc set volume dc/registry \-\-add \-\-name=v1 \-t pvc \-\-claim\-name=pvc1 \-\-overwrite
  
  # Remove volume 'v1' from deployment config 'registry'
  oc set volume dc/registry \-\-remove \-\-name=v1
  
  # Create a new persistent volume claim that overwrites an existing volume 'v1'
  oc set volume dc/registry \-\-add \-\-name=v1 \-t pvc \-\-claim\-size=1G \-\-overwrite
  
  # Change the mount point for volume 'v1' to /data
  oc set volume dc/registry \-\-add \-\-name=v1 \-m /data \-\-overwrite
  
  # Modify the deployment config by removing volume mount "v1" from container "c1"
  # (and by removing the volume "v1" if no other containers have volume mounts that reference it)
  oc set volume dc/registry \-\-remove \-\-name=v1 \-\-containers=c1
  
  # Add new volume based on a more complex volume source (Git repo, AWS EBS, GCE PD,
  # Ceph, Gluster, NFS, ISCSI, ...)
  oc set volume dc/registry \-\-add \-m /repo \-\-source=<json\-string>

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoc\-set(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
