.TH "OC" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oc types \- An introduction to concepts and types


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoc types\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Concepts and Types

.PP
Kubernetes and OpenShift help developers and operators build, test, and deploy applications in a containerized cloud environment. Applications may be composed of all of the components below, although most developers will be concerned with Services, Deployments, and Builds for delivering changes.

.PP
Concepts:
.IP 

.IP
\(bu 
.PP
Containers:
A definition of how to run one or more processes inside of a portable Linux
environment. Containers are started from an Image and are usually isolated
from other containers on the same machine.
.IP
\(bu 
.PP
Image:
A layered Linux filesystem that contains application code, dependencies,
and any supporting operating system libraries. An image is identified by
a name that can be local to the current cluster or point to a remote Docker
registry (a storage server for images).
.IP
\(bu 
.PP
Pods [pod]:
A set of one or more containers that are deployed onto a Node together and
share a unique IP and Volumes (persistent storage). Pods also define the
security and runtime policy for each container.
.IP
\(bu 
.PP
Labels:
Labels are key value pairs that can be assigned to any resource in the
system for grouping and selection. Many resources use labels to identify
sets of other resources.
.IP
\(bu 
.PP
Volumes:
Containers are not persistent by default \- on restart their contents are
cleared. Volumes are mounted filesystems available to Pods and their
containers which may be backed by a number of host\-local or network
attached storage endpoints. The simplest volume type is EmptyDir, which
is a temporary directory on a single machine. Administrators may also
allow you to request a Persistent Volume that is automatically attached
to your pods.
.IP
\(bu 
.PP
Nodes [node]:
Machines set up in the cluster to run containers. Usually managed
by administrators and not by end users.
.IP
\(bu 
.PP
Services [svc]:
A name representing a set of pods (or external servers) that are
accessed by other pods. The service gets an IP and a DNS name, and can be
exposed externally to the cluster via a port or a Route. It's also easy
to consume services from pods because an environment variable with the
name <SERVICE>\_HOST is automatically injected into other pods.
.IP
\(bu 
.PP
Routes [route]:
A route is an external DNS entry (either a top level domain or a
dynamically allocated name) that is created to point to a service so that
it can be accessed outside the cluster. The administrator may configure
one or more Routers to handle those routes, typically through an Apache
or HAProxy load balancer / proxy.
.IP
\(bu 
.PP
Replication Controllers [rc]:
A replication controller maintains a specific number of pods based on a
template that match a set of labels. If pods are deleted (because the
node they run on is taken out of service) the controller creates a new
copy of that pod. A replication controller is most commonly used to
represent a single deployment of part of an application based on a
built image.
.IP
\(bu 
.PP
Deployment Configuration [dc]:
Defines the template for a pod and manages deploying new images or
configuration changes whenever those change. A single deployment
configuration is usually analogous to a single micro\-service. Can support
many different deployment patterns, including full restart, customizable
rolling updates, and fully custom behaviors, as well as pre\- and post\-
hooks. Each deployment is represented as a replication controller.
.IP
\(bu 
.PP
Build Configuration [bc]:
Contains a description of how to build source code and a base image into a
new image \- the primary method for delivering changes to your application.
Builds can be source based and use builder images for common languages like
Java, PHP, Ruby, or Python, or be Docker based and create builds from a
Dockerfile. Each build configuration has web\-hooks and can be triggered
automatically by changes to their base images.
.IP
\(bu 
.PP
Builds [build]:
Builds create a new image from source code, other images, Dockerfiles, or
binary input. A build is run inside of a container and has the same
restrictions normal pods have. A build usually results in an image pushed
to a Docker registry, but you can also choose to run a post\-build test that
does not push an image.
.IP
\(bu 
.PP
Image Streams and Image Stream Tags [is,istag]:
An image stream groups sets of related images under tags \- analogous to a
branch in a source code repository. Each image stream may have one or
more tags (the default tag is called "latest") and those tags may point
at external Docker registries, at other tags in the same stream, or be
controlled to directly point at known images. In addition, images can be
pushed to an image stream tag directly via the integrated Docker
registry.
.IP
\(bu 
.PP
Secrets [secret]:
The secret resource can hold text or binary secrets for delivery into
your pods. By default, every container is given a single secret which
contains a token for accessing the API (with limited privileges) at
/var/run/secrets/kubernetes.io/serviceaccount. You can create new
secrets and mount them in your own pods, as well as reference secrets
from builds (for connecting to remote servers) or use them to import
remote images into an image stream.
.IP
\(bu 
.PP
Projects [project]:
All of the above resources (except Nodes) exist inside of a project.
Projects have a list of members and their roles, like viewer, editor,
or admin, as well as a set of security controls on the running pods, and
limits on how many resources the project can use. The names of each
resource are unique within a project. Developers may request projects
be created, but administrators control the resources allocated to
projects.
.PP
For more, see 
\[la]https://docs.openshift.com\[ra]


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\_verification\_with\_non\_compliant\_keys\fP=false
    Allow a SignatureVerifier to use keys which are technically non\-compliant with RFC6962.

.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-application\_metrics\_count\_limit\fP=100
    Max number of application metrics to store (per container)

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
    Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-boot\_id\_file\fP="/proc/sys/kernel/random/boot\_id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for boot\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/home/openshift/.kube/http\-cache"
    Default HTTP cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\-gce\-lb\-src\-cidrs\fP=130.211.0.0/22,209.85.152.0/22,209.85.204.0/22,35.191.0.0/16
    CIDRs opened in GCE firewall for LB traffic proxy \& health checks

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-container\_hints\fP="/etc/cadvisor/container\_hints.json"
    location of the container hints file

.PP
\fB\-\-containerd\fP="unix:///var/run/containerd.sock"
    containerd endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-not\-ready\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for notReady:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-unreachable\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for unreachable:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\fP="unix:///var/run/docker.sock"
    docker endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\fP=false
    use TLS to connect to docker

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-ca\fP="ca.pem"
    path to trusted CA

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-cert\fP="cert.pem"
    path to client certificate

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-key\fP="key.pem"
    path to private key

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_env\_metadata\_whitelist\fP=""
    a comma\-separated list of environment variable keys that needs to be collected for docker containers

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_only\fP=false
    Only report docker containers in addition to root stats

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_root\fP="/var/lib/docker"
    DEPRECATED: docker root is read from docker info (this is a fallback, default: /var/lib/docker)

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\_load\_reader\fP=false
    Whether to enable cpu load reader

.PP
\fB\-\-event\_storage\_age\_limit\fP="default=24h"
    Max length of time for which to store events (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is a duration. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-event\_storage\_event\_limit\fP="default=100000"
    Max number of events to store (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is an integer. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-global\_housekeeping\_interval\fP=0
    Interval between global housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-housekeeping\_interval\fP=0
    Interval between container housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-httptest.serve\fP=""
    if non\-empty, httptest.NewServer serves on this address and blocks

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_backtrace\_at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_cadvisor\_usage\fP=false
    Whether to log the usage of the cAdvisor container

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-machine\_id\_file\fP="/etc/machine\-id,/var/lib/dbus/machine\-id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for machine\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_buffer\_duration\fP=0
    Writes in the storage driver will be buffered for this duration, and committed to the non memory backends as a single transaction

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_db\fP="cadvisor"
    database name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_host\fP="localhost:8086"
    database host:port

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_password\fP="root"
    database password

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_secure\fP=false
    use secure connection with database

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_table\fP="stats"
    table name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\_driver\_user\fP="root"
    database username

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # View all projects you have access to
  oc get projects
  
  # See a list of all services in the current project
  oc get svc
  
  # Describe a deployment configuration in detail
  oc describe dc mydeploymentconfig
  
  # Show the images tagged into an image stream
  oc describe is ruby\-centos7

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoc(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
